C++/CLI in Visual Studio (#28762)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/compatibility/core-libraries/7.0/cpluspluscli-compiler-version.md

Beyond C++/CLI, it's also possible that the introduction of `static abstract` interface members on primitive <xref:System> types will surface issues in other tools that aren't forward-compatible with the usage of this new language construct. If you're a tool author, you'll need to update any tools impacted by this change to accommodate the usage of `static abstract` interface members. If you need help, [file an issue in the dotnet/runtime repo](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/issues/new) to request guidance.

## Previous behavior

Previously, compiling .NET projects using C++/CLI did not result in errors related to members on primitive <xref:System> types.

## New behavior

Compiling a .NET 7 Preview 3 `net7.0` project using C++/CLI in a release of Visual Studio version 17.2 prior to Preview 2 will result in many errors similar to this example:

```txt
error C2253: 'System.Int32.Parse': pure specifier or abstract override specifier only allowed on virtual function
```

> Other than upgrading, there's no way to work around this compiler error. It's generated because of `static abstract` interface members on primitive <xref:System> types. By upgrading to Visual Studio 2022 version 17.2 Preview 2+, the compilation errors will no longer occur.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other than upgrading, there's no way to work around this compiler error. It's generated because of `static abstract` interface members on primitive <xref:System> types. When you upgrade to Visual Studio 2022 version 17.2 Preview 2+, the compilation errors will no longer occur.
```
